ok so today I'm going to be answering a
subscriber's question this question was
asked by ketan rocks to to free on my
youtube video what do you want he wants
to know is how do i make my taskbar
icons smaller and get a new startled for
your taskbar and the windows 7 startled
and also i'll tell you a bit about
wallpapers as well so the first part how
to make the icons smaller just right
click on your taskbar click properties
and click use small icons what this does
is makes it small light like the windows
vista and taskbar kind of you can also
choose to combine or d combine your
icons like so if there are d combined
like this you bet you can see what you
have opened with the file names and all
and if you have it always combined you
can only see the icons of what you have
opened ok the next thing is the start
with windows 7 the start-up is included
in the windows exe file not the theme
file there's two ways you can do this
you can either use results a car to do
it your own way and make your own
startup which is far too complicated for
the ordinary pc user if you want to
change your startup this is how you do
it first one the description you're
going to need to patch your free main
personalization
I'm DLLs i'll give you the link to this
folder here I'll over to read meas it's
a universal theme patcher if you aren't
a 64-bit use a 64-bit if you want to
flirt two-bit use the x86 exe make sure
you right click run as administrator up
this is the screen you'll get when it's
opened ok yes choose to run in English
if you're in English you see here I have
all of mine have been patched already
because i have already done it but you
also say free files need to be patched
and then you'll carry on ok so now to
get your startle you can go to anywhere
on the internet that does it ok deviant
art is a good place this is where i got
my custom one just type in Windows 7
Start all there'll be a lot there ok
this is the one i will be using ok now
just go ahead click download and save it
somewhere
go to file and start computer open up
your local disk go to windows and then
scroll down to where your Explorer is
okay this is my default explore here
explorer.exe and then i have to which
i've downloaded underneath it you will
need to take ownership of the explorer
EXE right-click take ownership if you do
not have that you can right click go to
properties go to security then click
edit in system click your administrator
user make sure he has full control click
advanced down the bottom go to owner and
make sure you are the owner so i'm going
to edit and make sure you are the owner
okay i'll give you an also download if
you don't have the take ownership on
your context menu i'll give you the
downloads of that in the description
just to make it easier
what you want to do is back up your
explorer.exe because this is the main
part of your computer so I just right
click rename back up
and then on the one you're explore that
you've downloaded make sure it's called
explorer.exe like that going to press
Continue yes now this is the explorer
EXE that we're going to be using what
you need to do is right click on the
taskbar and start task manager and the
explorer EXE process then you need to go
to file new task and type in
explorer.exe once it's loaded back up
you will see that your start hope as
being changed that was a very simple
tutorial for you Keaton rocks 223 hope
you enjoyed it for wallpapers check out
deviant art check out google images
that's where i get mine from ok
sometimes i create them from images
image regulation and photoshop but other
times i find them on the internet hope
this helped you if it did comment rate
and subscribe thank you very much